---
layout: post
title: “Goodbye 2025”
author: bookworm_falguni
tags: [blog, my-thoughts]
image: '/images/goodbye-2025.png'
blog: true
---
2025 taught me a lot.

Attending book festivals and launches—not just reading authors’ work, but working on it and promoting it alongside *The Draft Studio*; stepping into the fanciest hotels for events—taught me how privileged I am to witness such talent up close, to know people’s stories, and to learn directly from them.

Exploring cities like Mumbai, Jaipur, and Delhi with friends, and sometimes taking myself on solo dates, taught me how much we miss in the rush to reach somewhere. Every city holds so much beyond the obvious, and all it takes is a relaxed mind to truly take it in.

Witnessing the magical aura of Kailash Kher (twice) taught me that some people leave a lasting mark on you simply through their presence and a few words and that you must never miss the chance to be around such people.

Ticking things off my bucket list and adding new ones reminded me that growth is an ongoing process.

Judging debate and writing competitions taught me that we don’t give Gen Z enough credit. They are thoughtful, articulate, and ready to face the world, to question what feels wrong, and to make choices for a better future.

Painting the wall behind my bookshelf taught me that art doesn’t need perfection. Even with its chipped edges now, it remains the most special part of my home.

Spending time with family, friends, and the writers’ community, hosting and performing at open mics, taught me that everyone carries a brilliant story within them—they just need a platform.

It proved the red string theory, that when you’re destined to meet someone, you do, and when the timing is right, everything falls into place.

It saw me fulfill some of my annual goals, saw me struggle to reach the 80-85% mark for some, and saw me blatantly ignore some, ultimately teaching me that the yearly goals and resolutions are just directions, not destinations.

Thank you, 2025, for being an amazing year, full of learnings, personal growth, and openness to new people and experiences.

